=head1 NAME

Metabase::Backend::SQL - Metabase backend role for SQL-based backends

=head1 VERSION

version 1.000

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # SQLite

  require Metabase::Archive::SQLite;
  require Metabase::Index::SQLite;

  my $archive = Metabase::Archive::SQLite->new(
    filename => $sqlite_file,
  );

  my $index = Metabase::Index::SQLite->new(
    filename => $sqlite_file,
  );

  # PostgreSQL

  use Metabase::Archive::PostgreSQL;
  use Metabase::Index::PostgreSQL;

  my $archive = Metabase::Archive::PostgreSQL->new(
    db_name => "cpantesters",
    db_user => "johndoe",
    db_pass => "PaSsWoRd",
  );

  my $index = Metabase::Index::PostgreSQL->new(
    db_name => "cpantesters",
    db_user => "johndoe",
    db_pass => "PaSsWoRd",
  );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This distribution contains implementations of L<Metabase::Archive> and
L<Metabase::Index> using SQL databases.  >See L<Metabase::Backend::SQLite> or
L<Metabase::Backend::PostgreSQL> for details about specific implementations.

The main module, itself, is merely a Moose role that provides common attributes
for all the SQL-based Metabase backends.  It is not intended to be used
directly by end-users.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 dsn

Database connection string

=head2 db_user

Database username

=head2 db_pass

Database password

=head2 db_type

SQL::Translator sub-type for a given database.  E.g. "SQLite" or "PostgreSQL".

=head2 dbis

DBIx::Simple class connected to the database

=head2 schema

SQL::Translator::Schema class

=for Pod::Coverage method_names_here

=head1 REQUIRED METHODS

The following builders must be provided by consuming classes.

  _build_dsn        # a DSN string for DBI
  _build_db_user    # a username for DBI
  _build_db_pass    # a password for DBI
  _build_db_type    # a SQL::Translator type for the DB vendor

The following method must be provided to modify the output of
SQL::Translator::Diff to fix up any dialect quirks

  _fixup_sql_diff

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Metabase-Backend-SQL>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/metabase-backend-sql>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/metabase-backend-sql.git

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item *

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=item *

Leon Brocard <acme@astray.org>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

